---
layout: post
title: Ridiculous tax system for polish businesses.
date: 2017-09-12 00:00:00 +0300
description: You’ll find this post in your `_posts` directory. Go ahead and edit it and re-build the site to see your changes. # Add post description (optional)
img: ZUS.png # Add image post (optional)
tags: [Productivity, Software] # add tag
---

If you think that government should provide comfortable enviornment for their people to make money and push the national economy forward, then you're right. But in Poland we have system that doesn't do it at all. Actually it's doing the opposite.

### What's wrong with taxes for small businesses in Poland?

In Poland our dear government is working really unefficient. They are trying to push OZE, EU slop and all that green deal shit. They are often focusing on stuff that totally doesn't matter and just waste time being in parliment and arguing about their political shits. The real problem is that starting small businesses is often not worth it here because of the way of transision in tax system between unregistered business and registered business. If you are earning less than ~10800zł(2700$) per 3 months then you dont have to register your business and you don't have to pay all the taxes related with this. But if you will earn 11000zł per 3 months you have to register your business and start to pay health insurance tax, social tax, pension tax and all that is called ZUS. We all hates ZUS. It's biggest business killer here. For first 6 months you are paying only 432zl per month or 9% of your income if you earn more than 4800zl per month.
After that six months you have 24 months of light ZUS which is 456zl + 9% of income (minimum 432zl) so it's almost 900zl per month. After this time you will have to pay full ZUS which is 1900zl + 9% of income. So minimum it will be 2332zl per month. If somebody has stable earning at the level of 3500zl per month then he will get 42000zl per year minus 1440zl of PIT so it will be 40560zl per year. If he would start earning 4000zl per month and start a business for first 6 months he will get 24000zl minus 2600zl of health insurance so it will be 21400zl. For the second half of the year he will get also 24000zl minus 5400zl so it will be 18600zl. He will earn 40000zl which already is less than before and then he will have to pay 1200zl PIT. Eventually he will earn 38800zl after first year since starting a business. But in 4th year whe he will lost all the priviliges for new businesses he will be paying full ZUS which is minimum 2332zl per month. He will get then 1668zl per month which is less than half if he would decide to make lower revenue to fit under limits and don't pay these taxes at all. Definitely ZUS and other taxes should be just a percentage not a constant value, cause it's obviuos it will be nothing for corpo but it will be death for the small ones. Or maybe not death but they will have to do some tricks to make their business worth making it. And government also is losing here beacause of it. A lot of people are just keeping income under limits, cause if they will earn more they will have less... what a paradox. And some of people to the certain amount of income will just avoid paying taxes until it will be profitable. Governemnt is losing money stupiditly by not changing the rules of ZUS taxes for small ones. It's better to get 10% of 4000zl monthly than 0% of 3500zl monthly. And if ZUS is equal for every company then it fills a little bit wierd that man (or women in times of onlyfans) who have business that earns millions per month is paying 1900zl as well as farmer who earn only few thousands per month. It should definitely change to stop killing small ones and give more money for pensions and social from the richest ones. It's really simple thing but obviously our system is so broken that nobody is able to change it. And I think that nobody is even trying to change it. Fucking disaster.


