---
layout: post
title: Meaning of Life
date: 2026-03-11 10:00:00 +0300
description: You’ll find this post in your `_posts` directory. Go ahead and edit it and re-build the site to see your changes. # Add post description (optional)
img: how-to-start.jpg # Add image post (optional)
tags: [Programming, Learn] # add tag
---
# Does life have a meaning?
If we wanna answer that question, then we have to tell what meaning means. And in case of Life Meaning we are not able to make one statement that is universal for all of us. That means that Meaning of Life is totally subjective and there is no wrong answers. Every single person can set their Meaning of Life as anything (like making money or having kids) or they can claim that life is meaningless. For some people Life has a meaning if we are pursuing goals that we set for ourselfes to achieve. For the others it's just feeling happines by living in present. Somthing like looking at the stone and saying that it is really beautiful stone. Or just laying at the grass looking into the sun, feeling warm of the sun and a little wind, birds singing and nature just living can make someone's life meaningfull. When we are losing meaning of our life it is often because of burnout, or some big change in routine, as death of someone or losing job or losing relationships. People can suddenly feel empty, cause something that they were living for disapeared and will never come back, so they are not seeing the meaning of their lifes anymore. There are also people who are thinking that our lifes doesn't have any meaning, no matter what happened and what will happen, cause we will die and it's not important what we did, how long we lived. Furthermore there are people who think something like this and they claim that having kids is evil thing, cause we are living in hell, expieriencing diseases, pains, mental illnesses and any other hurtfull stuff that make us suffer. So some people are extremely negative about what human life is and the others are not giving a fuck about it and trying to feel as much happiness as possible. Meaning of Life can be anything we can imagine and our supreme goal is to achieve happines. Of course there are people who were different since their birth and these people can feel happiness by hurting themeslefse - masochists. They can do things that "normal" people would never do to feel their version of happines. Sometimes our happines depends on happines of someone else, like kids or gf/bf and then meaning of life is making them happy, then we can feel happiness if we can see that they're happy. Meaning of Life can be infinite things and situations. It can be something totally unexpected. Still a lot of people are not feeling any meaning of life so unfortunetly there are suicides, people that felt that only way to feel happiness is to stop living. It's obviously bad for society, cause we need each other to be able to feel happiness more often and happiness can be achieved only if we are feeling that life is beatiful and we can feel it through many, many things, but usually the strongest one is just love - by just spending time toghether with person around whom we can feel really free and comfortable, around whom we can do literally anything and nothing bad will happen (like screaming or making "śmigło"). So generally speaking, meaning of life is subjective. For making a world better place to live we should pursue happiness and best type of happiness is relationship, especially if it is gf-bf relation and especially if kids are there, especially that we as society needs kids to make world better place to live, cause we need them to work for our pensions and to work for inventions and innovations to literally create something that will make lifes of future humans better and easier.
