---
layout: post
title: AI agents are must have today
date: 2026-03-12 00:00:00 +0300
description: You’ll find this post in your `_posts` directory. Go ahead and edit it and re-build the site to see your changes. # Add post description (optional)
img: AI.jpg # Add image post (optional)
tags: [Js, Conference] # add tag
---

# Times are changing fast and that's good

4 years ago to learn how to code movement in simple 2D game for unity I had to watch youtube videos to find one that will work for my project, and sometimes I had to rewrite it manually cause bastards didn't gave ready code to copy to force people to watch their videos for making money from ads. Now most of the people that just wanna create very simple game are using antigravity and AI will create all code files to make your game almost fully for you. Other people are copying code from ChatGPT and doing the rest Unity stuff manually. Youtube videos are used only by people who really wanna understand how everything works, but I think it's literally 1% of people who are just starting making games. It's scary that 4 years ago we had to spend so much time to find information that we wanna learn and in that small amount of time we are able to get it in seconds by some chat. Obviously AI output is not always true, so it's not like AI is able to do everything without our ingeration. It's terrifying that 30 years ago people didn't even had internet and to get some specific information they had to read gigantic books or what's even worse - they had to talk to other people. Even after Google search engine was invented, searching information required reading a lot of text that was not what we were looking for. Youtube gave us a little easier way to learn and find information, but also a lot of videos could give us something a little different than what we are looking for, especially if we are looking for something very specific. Now AI can adjust to our requirements, collect data from different sources and give us output that is generated to meet our needs. And these saves a lot of time which is most important value in the world. Creating games, websites, apps and all other projects that we can create by coding or doing anything with use of computer can be done by antigravity itself. Our job is only to be specific, keep tight logic and don't let AI do something on its own, everything should be described in clarify way. AI can do coding for us but we have to know logic of mechanisms of thing that we wanna create and describe it very specific. If we won't be specific or we are not able to explain how something is working (using human language, not coding) then AI can't give us thing we want, cause AI is not a god. If we prompt, create for me next Facebook, then we will get another AI slop or if AI agent is good enough then it will tell you that, you stupid twohead, should give some more information about specific functionalities and how UI should look like and other stuff. To be honest you are not able to do anything close to Facebook, cause it's too complex for begginer to understand how it is working. But if you wanna create game mechanic that will detect that player is looking at the item and then aboive the item should apper "Press E to collect" and you know that you have to add camera node to the player node and to the camera node the raycast node, and then ask AI hey can you write code that will detect that player is looking for item called in scene Magic Stick and then make visible "Press E to collect" above the item - then it should work and you agent should do everthing properly, but event in this case you can me more precise and get more specific output. Making games, web apps or other software where coding is must have is very good for growing your thinking skills and logic. Coding is something that is good to know, but if you will just learn to write prompts that are easy to understand, detailed enough and you just 100% know how works something that you wanna build then you are worthy opponent for even mid-level software engineers. Of course AI is not as good as some senior developers - NVIDIA used AI to write drivers and lost a lot of performance, so they just canceled this version of drivers. In programming optimization is really important thing and in low level languages like C seniors can make better job than AI, cause AI still is not smart enough to understand such a wide range of context as GPU drivers. Generally speaking AI is very helpfull but we should use it to do very small tasks separetly to avoid context limitations and our prompt should be as detailed as possible to avoid unwanted results. In more complex tasks senior developers are still ahead of AI, cause they can understand more at once right now what NVIDIA drivers situation showed us. In other sectors than IT AI also make a big difference. Literally every student right now is learning by using AI to understand things faster in simpler way. Even at work some people are finding information related to work using AI, cause it's time efficient and output is specific for our situation. Information is one of the most valuables thing in our times so AI is a big deal that changed such important stuff like learning, coding or translating and it's good. Our lifes are easier know and we can spend time we saved for something else which is productive.  
